Add documentation for how to use with Numpy and Pandas (#470)
lidatong/dataclasses-json: README.md

```
as it will cause problems with the way dataclasses_json accesses the type annotations.

### Use numpy or pandas types?

> Numpy and pandas types are not supported by default, but you can easily add support for them 
> by using custom decoders and encoders. Below are two examples for numpy and pandas types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data types specific to libraries commonly used in data analysis and machine learning like [numpy](https://github.com/numpy/numpy) and [pandas](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas) are supported by default, but you can easily enable them by using custom decoders and encoders. Below are two examples for `numpy` and `pandas` types.
```
